.TH	MBMP 1 "13 September 2015" "Version: 2015.09.13"
.SH NAME
MBMP - Media Player
.SH SYNOPSIS
Usage: mbmp [options] [filelist]
.SH DESCRIPTION
A QT5 and GStreamer 1.0 series media player.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB-b, --stream-buffering\fP
Enable buffering of the demuxed or parsed data in the stream (default is no stream buffering).
.TP
\fB-c, --connection-speed <connection-speed>\fP
Specify the network connection speed in kbps.  The default is 0 meaning unknown.  GStreamer uses this internally to make decisions
regarding buffering.
.TP
\fB-d, --download-buffering\fP
Enable progressive download buffering of selected formats.  The default is no download buffering.  Setting this can improve viewing
of internet streams.
.TP
\fB-f, --fullscreen\fP
Start the player in fullscreen mode.
.TP
\fB-g, --gui\fP
Start the player with the GUI showing.
.TP
\fB-h, --help\fP
Displays this help.
.TP
\fB-i, --icon-theme <Icon Theme Name>\fP
Use a specific icon theme from your system. The Icon Theme name is optional and if specified CMST will try to use icons from that
theme.  If no name is provided and if a system wide icon theme is defined (via your DE) it will be used.  If the icon theme cannot
be found CMST will fallback to using internal built in icons. 
.TP
\fB-l, --loglevel\fP
Set the log level from 0-4.  Higher numbers write more information to the log file and to the screen if you started the program
in a terminal.  Default is 1.
.TP
\fB-s, --subtitles\fP
Enable display of subtitles if a subtitle stream is found.  Default is no subtitles.
.TP
\fB-v, --version\fP
Displays version information.
.TP
\fB-C, --CD <CD Drive>\fP
Specify which optical drive is used to play Audio CD's.  Default is /dev/sr0.
.TP
\fB-D, --DVD <DVD Drive>\fP
Specify which optical drive is used to play DVD's.  Default is /dev/sr0.
.TP
\fB-V, --visualizer\fP
Enable a visualizer when playing audio tracks.  Default is no visualizer. 
.SH FILELIST
The filelist is an optional list of media files you would like queue up into the playlist.  Each file should be separated from any
other by whitespace.  There will be fewer errors if each file is listed between double quotes.  Example: "/path01/file01" "path02/file02"
.SH BUGS
We have found a very few DVD's which won't play in MBMP.  They also won't play from the GStreamer gst-play-1.0 command.  This command
uses the GStreamer playbin element as does MBMP, so we do not believe it is an issue with this program.  Interestingly the DVD's can 
be opened and read by building a pipeline manually without using the autoplugging from playbin.  It does not seem to have anything to do
with encryption or protection as the disks we've seen it on are not protected, and we can play ARccOS protected DVD's.  
.SH Author
Andrew J. Bibb.  Project web page: https://github.com/andrew-bibb/mbmp

